---
title: 250301-朗读学习
date: 2025-03-24
videoUrl: https://gtxlwhybutfeckijpzyh.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/toefl-videos//zt100_L1.mp4
---

### 音频原文

Listen to part of a lecture in a childhood education class.

I write everyone in the last few classes we've been discussing, reading, specifically teaching, reading to children. Oh, now here's a bit of information that you might find surprising. Did you know that in the United States, despite reforms in education? Children's reading scores haven't improved much in 30 years. It seems that instead of teaching students to enjoy reading throughout their lives, what happens is or even before they're in high school they've lost interest in reading. They end up only reading when they have to not because they want to. And the result has been low reading scores. The United States government has formed a National Committee to see why scores are low and look for ways to remedy this issue. They, oh, yes, Joseph Saw something that the other day it's the commission on reading, right? That's right. The commission on reading came out with an interesting report, uh, that that I think should be required material for all of you who are studying childhood education.

Anyway, do you know what they found? Any ideas? Okay. They found that the most effective way to help children become successful readers was reading aloud to them. Lisa meets should read to their kids, yes, but not only that the report says that teachers should read aloud in the classroom. So what are the implications of this? Lisa? Well thinking about all the other things we do to help kids learn to read um, that means reading to them is better than having them do book reports or fill in answers to work sheets all that stuff. I mean, it's so simple. It really is, I mean, you want some variety, but according to the report the best thing you can do is read aloud and frequently. Teacher should read aloud to students throughout the grades since it's such an important activity.

So who can tell me um, how children get better reading Joseph? And by practice and, then they get better at it. So they like it more. So then you know, they'll read more. And so it goes. Yes. So the key thing is to teach children to want to read this way. They'll do more of it as children and then as adults. And you do that by, aha, yep, reading aloud to them. When you read aloud to children, there are lifelong benefits. You're helping condition their brains to associate reading with pleasure. That means they learn to enjoy reading, so they'll keep doing it. And because they like it, they'll they'll they'll learn things about the world uh, about different people you know. Oh, yes, Lisa. Okay, you said that reading aloud conditions, children's brains to associate reading with pleasure. Can you explain that? Oh, didn't you study this in one of your psychology classes? Cognitive psychology, maybe. Well all right, here's a quick overview.

Anyway. What happens is our senses send electrical messages to our brains. We then respond positively or negatively based on these messages. And then, well um, think of pleasure as glue the glue that holds our attention. It only holds our attention to things that we like. When we like something we're connected to it. So when you read to children, you're sending a pleasure message to their brains. You're teaching them to like reading. So as a result, reading holds their attention, they learn to have fun with reading in books.

Anyway, in schools, one of the factors leading to higher achievement in students is how often their teachers read aloud to them. This not only encourages children to read on their own. It also nurtures, their listening. In general, when young children acquire their native language, uh, their mother tongue, they learn to understand and say a word before they begin to read it. Like say, uh, the word enormous. If you never heard this word, you've probably never said it either. So imagine how hard it would be when you read it. But once you hear it it'll be in your your reservoir of vocabulary. So it'll make sense when you read it. Lisa kids pick up most of their vocabulary at home from their parents, right? Yes. But in family conversations and also on TV you have more basic vocabulary which, of course children need to learn. But when parents read a children's book to them children are exposed to richer vocabulary, uh, more difficult words that are used less frequently in conversation. Being familiar with these words and building their vocabulary will really help kids do well in school. Plus, just like when teachers read when parents read to their kids, also helps familiarize them with books and and helps them learn to enjoy books in reading.

### 问题

1. What does the professor mainly discuss?  
A. A report describing the reasons for low reading scores  
B. The best age to teach children to read  
C. The benefits of reading aloud to children  
D. The relationship between reading and learning  

2. According to the professor, why was the Commission on Reading formed?  
A. To encourage more people to become reading teachers  
B. To select books for schoolchildren to read in class  
C. To convince university students to read for enjoyment  
D. To study and solve the problem of low reading scores  

3. What does the professor imply about book reports and worksheets?  
A. Teachers should use them to test reading comprehension.  
B. Teachers should limit their use in class.  
C. They help children learn about the world.  
D. They help children associate reading with pleasure.  

4. Why does the professor mention psychology classes?  
A. To cast doubt on something that the students learned in the classes  
B. To find out if the classes are helpful for education students  
C. To ask what the students are studying in the classes  
D. To indicate that she expected students to be familiar with a certain concept  

5. What point does the professor make about children acquiring their native language?  
A. Children often learn to read a word only after they have heard it.  
B. It is difficult for children to learn new words by hearing them spoken.  
C. Children need to read frequently to acquire their native language.  
D. Children acquire language more effectively when teachers speak slowly.  

6. What does the professor imply about spoken communication at home?  
A. It generally includes a small set of simple words.  
B. It should usually be limited in favor of reading aloud.  
C. It helps children learn many rare vocabulary words.  
D. It helps children learn to have fun with books.

### 答案

CDBDAA


