---
title: 250219-海洋哺乳动物
date: 2025-03-20
videoUrl: https://gtxlwhybutfeckijpzyh.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/toefl-videos//zt97_L3.mp4
---

### 音频原文

Listen to part of a lecture in a biology class.

Instructor: Last time, we started talking about marine mammals. As you recall these are animals that are adapted to an aquatic environment to varying degrees. Whales and dolphins, for example, are entirely dependent on the marine environment for eating and breeding, while seals are adapted to both an aquatic and land environment. But all mammals, both land and marine, share certain characteristics, such as breathing air, producing milk for their young, and having hair. Ah, you might be surprised to learn that even whales have hair though many species lose it right after birth. (2)

Student 1: It's interesting they'd share these traits since the land and sea are such different environments. Unless it's because all mammals evolved from aquatic animals, right? So maybe some stayed in the water and some moved to the land?

Instructor: Well you're on the right track. Land mammals did evolve from aquatic animals, and then some of these land mammals must have evolved further to go back into the water to become marine mammals.

Student 1: Huh, so how do we know? I mean, what kind of evidence do we have for this?

Instructor: Well partially we know from the fossil record. There's also genetic evidence from living marine mammals, and this genetic evidence supports what we interpret from the fossil record. (3) So let's concentrate on evidence from fossils, and let's look at one group of marine mammals, the cetaceans. So what do you know about cetaceans?

Student 2: Well cetaceans are entirely marine mammals, like whales and dolphins, and they spend their entire life cycles in the water unlike seals, which breed on land. But cetaceans still have to come to the surface to breathe air, right?

Instructor: Right, cetaceans have nostrils, which are only found in animals that breathe outside the water. And now we can look at the fossil record and see how the ancestors of the cetaceans evolved over time, and these creatures didn't look anything like whales at first. But gradually, as we compare fossils from different eras, we can see a series of adaptations for aquatic life occurring.

So, as I was saying, the nostrils. In all land-dwelling animals, the nasal opening is found just above the mouth. In modern cetaceans, the opening is located at the top of the skull and is called the blowhole. If you examine fossil relatives of cetaceans across time, you're going to see a change in the nostril's position, moving from the front of the head farther and farther back along the top of the head. Why this adaptation? Well it makes breathing easier. They don't have to tip their heads up when they surface, which saves energy and helps streamline the animal. (4)

Another change we observe in the fossil record is that ancestors of cetaceans walked on four limbs, just like almost all modern land mammals. Over time, the lineage of land animals that moved back towards the sea evolved anatomical changes in the limbs. For example, their limbs became shorter and changed to a more paddle-like shape. At certain stages in their evolution, we can tell that they were still able to haul themselves out onto the land, kind of like modern seals and sea lions. As you trace the fossil record of the species that likely spent some time on land, you can see more and more limb reduction, particularly of the hind limbs. Eventually these hind limbs are no longer attached to the vertebral column, meaning no use of the limbs anymore. Today, there are only small bones left in the body walls of cetaceans, which are just vestiges of these limbs. (5-C)

Student 2: What about the front limbs? Those are the fins now?

Instructor: Right, the front limbs are now fins that help more with stability, and it's the up-and-down movement of the tail that propels cetaceans forward. Hindlimb reduction allowed cetaceans to be more streamlined, again reducing drag, which increases energy efficiency when moving. (6)

Um, well we'll leave fossil evidence for a moment to look at some genetic evidence because, um, something I find interesting. What's interesting is that sometimes we'll see cases where individual cetaceans are born with hind limbs. This is evidence that hind limbs are in their genetic code. (5-B) Evolution has caused that code to be turned off but in rare cases, because of mutations, that code might get switched back on. Okay, back to the fossil evidence.



### 问题


1. What is the lecture mainly about?  
A. Differences between cetaceans and fish  
B. Evidence that all animals were originally aquatic animals  
C. Evidence that cetaceans evolved from land mammals  
D. Ways in which the fossil record can be misleading  

2. Why does the professor mention hair?  
A. To establish a connection between land mammals and marine mammals  
B. To give an example of a cetacean characteristic that is evident in the fossil record  
C. To point out an important evolutionary change in marine mammals  
D. To indicate an adaptation in mammals necessitated by life on land  

3. What does the professor say about genetic evidence?  
A. It supports theories of cetacean evolution that are based on fossil evidence.  
B. It has led to the development of new areas of cetacean research.  
C. It can only be obtained by chemically analyzing fossils.  
D. It will be the topic of another lecture.  

4. What point does the professor make about the nostrils of cetaceans?  
A. They require cetaceans to tip their heads back to breathe  
B. They allow cetaceans to breathe both in and out of the water  
C. They may eventually disappear as cetaceans evolve a more efficient way of breathing.  
D. They moved over time from above the mouth to the top of the head  

5. Besides fossil evidence, what other evidence supports the idea that cetaceans once had hind limbs?
Select 2 answers-  
A. Certain species of cetaceans still use small hind limbs to propel themselves forward.  
B. Individual cetaceans are occasionally born with hind limbs.  
C. Modern cetaceans have remnants of hind-limb bones in their skeletons.  
D. The up-and-down movement of the tail suggests it may have once been a hind limb.  

6. What benefit have modern cetaceans gained from the evolutionary changes the professor discusses?  
A. They are able to haul themselves onto land.  
B, They are less prone to mutation.  
C. They can reproduce more frequently.  
D. They can swim more efficiently.  

 

### 答案

CAAD(BC)D


