---
title: 250219-星球转速
date: 2025-03-13
videoUrl: https://gtxlwhybutfeckijpzyh.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/toefl-videos//zt98_L3.mp4
---

### 音频原文

Listen to part of a lecture in an astronomy class.

Professor: Imagine you're observing a rocky planet, say Earth, from a distance from a fixed location in space. And you wanna know how long it takes for that planet to make one full rotation around its axis. How could you figure this out?

Brandon?

Male Student: I guess you could look for a feature, something large like a mountain chain, and track it. You know, see how much time it takes for the feature to reappear in the same position.

Professor: Good. For rocky planets like Earth, if a distinct feature keeps appearing on schedule—if it rotates with regularity—this allows us to measure the rotational speed with great precision. (2)

But what about planets with a different composition? Like the gas giants: Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus, and Neptune? Would this same method work?

Female Student: Probably not. I mean, if you observe these planets from a distance, you wouldn't see any solid surface features.

Professor: Right. You'd only see an atmosphere of thick clouds. We believe they have a small solid core of rock and ice. But we can't see the core through the atmosphere, an atmosphere that's constantly subjected to high winds.

So if all we could see from our fixed point in space are the planet's swirling clouds, it would be difficult to find a distinct feature and clock its rotation.

So then, what else could we do?

Well back in the 1950s, when the first radio telescopes were available, we discovered radio signals coming from Jupiter. They were emitted by Jupiter's magnetic field, which is linked to the rotation of the planet's inner core. We realized that we could use these radio signals to determine Jupiter's rotational period, the time it takes to complete each rotation.

However we couldn't detect radio signals from the other, more distant gas giants. Fast forward about 30 years to the Voyager missions. The Voyager spacecrafts were able to collect radio signals from those gas giants, including Saturn. Based on these data, Saturn's rotational period was calculated to be 10 hours and 39 minutes. So after the Voyager missions, we thought we had a good handle on how to measure the rotation rates of the outer gas giants.

But then, 15 years later, Cassini made a puzzling discovery. Cassini is a probe, a spacecraft that orbited Saturn. Based on radio data Cassini sent back to Earth, it seemed that Saturn's rotational period had changed by about 1%. (3) The period was about 6 minutes longer since Voyager had measured it. This suggests that radio signals emitted from the magnetic field might not reflect a gas planet's internal rotation as precisely as we had thought.

Female Student: But why couldn't both readings be accurate? Can't a planet's rotation speed change?

Professor: Not if we consider Saturn's immensity. A celestial body this large cannot really change its rotation in such a short span of time. And the magnetic field is being pulled along by the planet's rotating core. But, something was slowing down the core's magnetic field, solar wind perhaps, and made the magnetic field lag behind. (4)

Okay, so if the radio signals method isn't reliable, what else can be done? A planetary scientist who decided to verify Neptune's rotation rate, Erich Karkoschka, might have found an answer. Karkoschka spent countless hours examining hundreds of images of Neptune taken over the past 20 years, most were taken by the Hubble Space Telescope. And during Karkoschka's painstaking research, he identified several distinct features, including two cloud formations that stood out in Neptune's atmosphere. He tracked these cloud formations through the various images, and noticed that they reappeared exactly on schedule. In other words, they rotate with incredible regularity. (5)

Male Student: Isn't that similar to the method we said we used for rocky planets?

Professor: Right. But with the help of images, instead of direct observations. And based on this research, Karkoschka calculated that 1 day on Neptune is slightly less than 16 hours. Now you might ask yourself who cares about a gas planet's rotation? Why would Karkoschka spend so much time on this? The reason is that a planet's rotation is one of its most basic attributes. If we can accurately determine its rotation speed, we can learn many other things about the planet. For example, we know Neptune's mass, but we're not certain how it's distributed. Knowing Neptune's rotational period can offer clues to this and other mysteries. (6)

### 问题

1. What is the lecture mainly about?  
A. Ways that surface features affect a planet's cloud formations  
B. Differences in the composition of rocky planets and gas planets  
C. Factors that can influence a gas planet's rotation speed  
D. Difficulties in determining the rotation speed of gas planets  

2. What aspect of rocky planets is emphasized in the lecture?  
A. Their surface features are visible from space.  
B. They rotate faster than gas planets do.  
C. Their rotation speed is extremely stable.  
D. Their atmosphere is relatively thin.  

3. Why does the professor discuss the Voyager and Cassini missions?  
A. To point out a technological limitation of space probes  
B. To describe two attempts at determining Saturn's rate of rotation  
C. To suggest that Saturn's radio signals had weakened over time  
D. To make a prediction about technological advances  


4. According to the professor, why might radio signals be unreliable in determining a gas planet's rotation rate?  
A. Radio signals are not emitted by most gas planets.  
B. The speed of the planet's magnetic field that emits these signals can vary over time.  
C. Space probes cannot detect certain types of radio signals.  
D. Radio signals can be difficult to distinguish from other signals.  

5. What did Karkoschka notice about two cloud formations in Neptune's atmosphere?  
A. They are located at a higher altitude than the other clouds.  
B. Their shapes are occasionally distorted due to strong winds.  
C. They circle around the planet at regular intervals.  
D. Their color varies slightly from season to season.  

6. What does the professor say about Karkoschka's finding that a Neptune day lasts about sixteen hours?  
A. It is too early to determine its importance.  
B. It confirms previous measurements of Neptune's rotation period.  
C. The debate over its accuracy will likely intensify over time.  
D. It will help scientists improve their understanding of Neptune.  
 

### 答案

DABBCD


