---
title: 250219-水中阻力
date: 2025-03-10
videoUrl: https://gtxlwhybutfeckijpzyh.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/toefl-videos//zt98_L1.mp4
---

### 音频原文

Listen to part of a lecture in an Engineering class.

When we left off at the end of last class, we were talking about drag, specifically the effects of drag and water. Can anyone give us an example? Emma?

Well ships. As a ship moves through water, drag is the force of the water pulling on it, slowing it down, and it's affected by how fast the ship is going, plus other things like what kind of a surface it has. If it's smooth there's less friction so less drag, but if say it's covered in barnacles or other marine organisms that increases drag. Which all made me wonder...

Yes?

Awhile ago a new kind of swimsuit came out made of this fabric that imitates the skin of sharks. The idea was that the suit would reduce drag to help swimmers swim faster. Apparently the tiny scales on a shark, they are lined up kind of in ridges that helped the shark move more quickly through water. So could ships be designed to have a surface like that?

You mean cover the ship's hull with some type of fabric? A ship suit?

Don't laugh. Some engineers have beaten you to that idea. Looking along the lines of covering the surface of the hull, the bottom of the ship or part of it in small ridges. (2) But you have me thinking of some other work in this area. So, first note that cutting down drag even a little bit has a big impact on the fuel efficiency of a ship. Even a 10% reduction would be considered terrific. (3)

One approach that's been tried is releasing air bubbles close to the hull while the ship is moving. This creates a partial barrier of air or gas, between the water and the ship's surface which reduces the water's pull on the ship. Reduces but certainly doesn't eliminate. Okay well now imagine an object completely encased in a bubble that's falling through water. The water doesn't touch the object at all right? So the drag is way reduced. Now this had first been conceived of over 200 years ago.

But how do you get an object into a bubble and keep it there while it's moving through water? Well now it's been done using two different methods. In one, a metal ball about 2 centimeters in diameter was heated up to about 400 degrees Celsius. (5-D) Meanwhile water in a deep tank was heated to 95 degrees Celsius, just 5 degrees under the boiling point of water. When the super hot ball was dropped into the water right away it boiled the water immediately around it which created a layer of vapor. The speed of the ball and the water temperature had to be just right, but when it was the ball became completely surrounded by gas due to what's called the Leidenfrost effect.

This phenomenon was described in 1796 by the German scientist Johann Leidenfrost, and you've seen it at work in everyday life. Imagine you heat up a frying pan then sprinkle some drops of water onto it. Each water droplet quickly moves, skitters around the pan right? That's because the heat has caused a layer of vapor to form beneath the droplets separating them from the pan surface, so there's hardly any friction, hardly any drag. (4)

Similarly, this metal ball sinking in the water encountered very little drag there in its bubble.

Now, the other method of achieving that bubble effect uses a super hydrophobic coating. Hydrophobic means water avoiding. Think of cans of water repellent you can buy that can be sprayed on shoes or clothing or even cars. The material in that can creates a hydrophobic coating so that if it rains the water just forms droplets and rolls off. (5-B) So superhydrophobic substances do this to an even greater extent. The researchers sprayed the metal ball with the superhydrophobic coating which essentially creates a layer of gas between the ball and the water. It did this at room temperature which as you can imagine is attractive for potential practical applications. Ships don't travel through boiling water right? Now reducing drag by as little as 10 or 20 percent would be a great result, but in these experiments the figure was something like 90 percent or more.


### 问题


1. What is the lecture mainly about?  
A. Ways to decrease drag on objects in water  
B. Explanations for the ability of shark skin to reduce drag in water  
C. Efforts to improve the efficiency of superhydrophobic substances  
D. Differences in drag between objects falling into water and objects floating on water  


2. What is the professor's response to a student's suggestion that ship hulls be covered with a specially designed fabric?
A. It could cause more organisms to attach to the bottom of the ship.  
B. It would create a Leidenfrost effect in the vicinity of the ship's hull.  
C. The idea is impractical because of the high cost.  
D. The idea is reasonable enough to be a subject of research.  

3. What point does the professor make when he talks about the relationship between drag and fuel efficiency in ships?  
A. Reducing drag provides other advantages besides improving fuel efficiency.  
B. The ideal balance between drag and fuel efficiency occurs when a ship travels at a certain speed.  
C. A small reduction in drag dramatically improves fuel efficiency in ships.  
D. Removing organisms from ship hulls is the most effective way to improve fuel efficiency.  

4. Why does the professor talk about water in a frying pan?   
A. To point out a problem in the design of an experiment   
B. To explain how the Leidenfrost effect was discovered   
C. To show how a hypothesis about water in motion was disproved   
D. To give an example of the Leidenfrost effect  

5. The professor describes two ways that researchers put a ball into a bubble. What two methods did the researchers use? Select 2 answers   
A. They attached a special fabric onto the surface of the ball.   
B. They applied a water-resistant substance to the ball.   
C. They started the ball spinning and then dropped it.   
D. They heated the ball to a high temperature.  

6. What particular advantage of the superhydrophobic coating does the professor point out?   
A. It is effective at moderate temperatures.   
B. It lasts a long time.   
C. It is visible even under water.   
D. It creates ridges on a surface.  
 

### 答案

ADCD(BD)A


