---
title: 250219-土著帐篷
date: 2025-03-17
videoUrl: https://gtxlwhybutfeckijpzyh.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/toefl-videos//zt98_L2.mp4
---

### 音频原文

Listen to part of a lecture in an archaeology class.

So a teepee is a type of tent, it was used from prehistoric times by Native Americans in the north central United States and parts of Canada, a region known as the North American Great Plains. We're going to discuss some of the earliest teepees. A teepee is shaped like an upside-down cone. The skeleton or frame of the tent is formed by poles that stick out at the top. The tent itself was made from animal skins. The poles and skins of prehistoric teepees have long since decomposed. What's left behind are teepee rings. A teepee ring is a group of stones arranged in a circle, the stones once anchored a teepee to the ground preventing it from collapsing in the wind. A gap in the ring indicates where the entrance to the teepee was. In most cases, the entrance was on the eastern side of the teepee.

So the ring shows us a few things, but, if the tents themselves are gone we can't learn much, can we? Don't we need real artifacts? Stuff that people actually made with their hands to understand a culture? Aren't we just guessing if all we've got is ordinary stones?

Haha, you would be hard pressed to name something more mundane than stones. But, their ordinariness belies their value to archeologists. You see, teepee rings are critical indicators. They provide direct evidence of domestic, economic and nomadic life. (2) They help us figure out how these Native Americans, how these hunter-gatherer communities, lived more than 2000 years ago, particularly their migration routes and patterns. For example, of the thousands of teepee rings that have been found, the majority are in clusters, in groups of rings. Most of the time, in a given cluster some rings will be much larger than others. The smaller ones were probably used as family residences, as opposed to larger ones. Presumably, the large teepees were used as community gathering places. (3)

For one study, researchers visited teepee ring sites in the Great Plains states of Montana and Wyoming. There, they measured and mapped teepee rings in order to look for patterns. How did they do this? First for each stone they measured its distance from the center of its ring and noted its position. They used these measurements to create hand-drawn maps. Um, it might interest you to know that archaeology students did the measuring and mapping. Many traditional hands-on archaeological methods like this have pretty much been replaced by technology though, like aerial digital photography. But, I do not consider hand mapping, this type of field research, to be a waste of time. After all, technology is not always available or affordable. And who knows what you might discover by combining the results of old and new methods. In fact this particular study, did just that. In addition to analyzing students' maps, researchers used a global positioning system or GPS. They used images from GPS satellites to document the precise location coordinates of individual stones in teepee rings. The researchers also used a second technology of geographic information systems, or GIS. GIS is different. It produces a sort of three-dimensional model of a larger area's physical characteristics. So while GPS shows where each stone is on a two-dimensional plane, GIS shows the assemblages in 3D. (5) The students' maps, meanwhile, provide ground-level details that cannot be captured by GPS or GIS. (4)

Researchers used all these data to draw conclusions about the inhabitants of the teepees. For example, teepees with a four-pole frame are usually circular at the bottom. Those with a three-pole frame have a more oval-shaped bottom. So since we know which tribes used four-pole frames, and which used three poles, we can figure out which tribe lived in which area, by looking at the shape of the teepee rings. In this study, the rings were determined to be more circular suggesting that maybe the Crow, the Shoshone or the Blackfeet tribe occupied that area in prehistoric times. And that's not the only thing researchers learned, within many of the teepee rings, there was evidence of cooking hearths. The remains of burnt charcoal in the hearths were used to date some of the teepee rings. These dates revealed that the teepees in different areas had been occupied one after another in succession, instead of at the same time. This suggests that people migrated from one area to the other. (6)



### 问题


1. What is the main topic of the lecture?  
A. How information was inferred from evidence of structures that no longer exist  
B. The evolution of teepee design in North America’s Great Plains region  
C. Efforts by archaeologists to preserve prehistoric teepee rings  
D. Migration patterns of some prehistoric Native American communities  

2. How does the professor respond when the student questions the value of studying teepee rings?  
A. She praises his question and promises to answer it later in the lecture.  
B, She points out that there are researchers who share his concern.  
C. She expresses agreement that better information could be inferred from artifacts.  
D. She indicates what types of information might be learned from teepee rings.  

3. What does the professor imply when she talks about the sizes of teepees?  
A. Researchers disagree on the number of poles that formed the frame of each teepee.  
B. Evidence of animal skins was found on some of the stones in teepee rings.  
C. Teepees of different sizes may have had different functions.   
D. Very few prehistoric tribes used large teepees.  

4. What opinion does the professor express regarding the students who mapped teepee-ring sites?  
A. They needed to be experts in photography.  
B. They produced results that could not have been produced using modern technology.  
C. They would not have been able to do the work without help from their professors.  
D. They should have checked the accuracy of their hand-drawn maps by comparing them with GPS and GIS maps.  

5. According to the professor what is the main difference between GPS and GIS?  
A. One produces two-dimensional images and the other produces three-dimensional images  
B. One is more expensive than the other  
C. One produces more ground-level details than the other  
D. One is more often used in archaeological mapping than the other  

6. What does the professor point out about the prehistoric people who lived at the sites that were studied?  
A. They used four poles to hold up their teepees.  
B. Their communal teepees had more than one entrance.  
C. Their teepees were not part of a permanent settlement.  
D. Their residential teepees were built along a circular path.  

 

### 答案

ADCBAC


